秋田犬 FCI国际纯种犬标准
原标题：秋田犬 FCI国际纯种犬标准

注：该标准中文版翻译自FCI国际纯种犬标准英文版，已发布于CKU官网-犬种百科

02.04.2001/EN

FCI-国际纯种犬标准第 255 号

**AKITA**

**秋田犬**

本图片不一定代表该犬种的理想例子

**ORIGIN** : Japan.

**起源** ：日本

**Date of acceptance on a definitive basis by the FCI** : 3/13/1964

**FCI正式认可日期** ：1964年3月13日

**DATE OF PUBLICATION OF THE OFFICIAL VALID STANDARD:** 13.03.2001.

**正式生效标准发布日期** ：2001年3月13日

**UTILIZATION** : Companion dog.

**用途** ：伴侣犬。

**FCI-CLASSIFICATION** :

Group 5 Spitz and primitive type.

Section 5 Asian Spitz and related breeds.

Without working trial.

**FCI分组** ：

第5组：尖嘴犬和原始犬种组

第5类：亚洲尖嘴犬及相关犬种

无需工作犬测试

**BRIEF HISTORICAL SUMMARY** :

Originally Japanese dogs were small to medium in size and no large breeds
existed. Since 1603 in the Akita region, Akita Matagis (medium-sized bear-
hunting dogs) were used as fighting dogs. From 1868 Akita Matagis were crossed
with Tosas and Mastiffs. Consequently, the size of this breed increased but
characteristics associated with Spitz type were lost. In 1908 dog fighting was
prohibited, but this breed was nevertheless preserved and improved as a large
Japanese breed. As a result, nine superior examples of this breed were
designated as « Natural Monuments » in 1931.

During World War II (1939-1945), it was common to use dogs as a source of fur
for military garments. The police ordered the capture and confiscation of all
dogs other than German Shepherd Dogs used for military purposes. Some fanciers
tried to circumvent the order by crossbreeding their dogs with German Shepherd
Dogs.

When World War II ended, Akitas had been drastically reduced in number and
existed as three distinct types; 1) Matagi Akitas, 2) fighting Akitas, and 3)
Shepherd Akitas. This created a very confusing situation in the breed.

During the restoration process of the pure breed after the war., Kongo-go, a
dog of the Dewa line, which exhibited characteristics of the Mastiff and
German Shepherd.

However, sensible learned fanciers did not approve of this type as a proper
Japanese breed, so they made efforts to eliminate the strain old foreign
breeds by crossbreeding with Matagi Akitas for the purpose of restoring the
original pure breed. They succeeded in stabilizing the pure strain of large
sized breed as known today.

**历史梗概 ：**

最初日本犬为小型至中型犬,没有大型犬种。从1603年,在秋田地区的Matgis秋田(中等体型的猎熊犬)被用作斗犬使用。1868年以后，秋田与土佐犬和獒犬杂交。于是，此犬种的体型变大，但是丧失了尖嘴犬的特征。

1908年，斗犬被禁止，然而这个品种得到了保存并改良为大型日本犬种。由此，此犬种中9个优良的犬于1931年被政府定为“天然纪念物”。

二战期间（1935-1945），用狗的皮毛制成军用服装是常见的。为了军事目的，警察命令捕获除德国牧羊犬以外的所有狗。一些爱好者用他们的狗和德国牧羊犬杂交来回避这项法令。

二战结束时，秋田犬数量剧减，并存在三种完全不同的类型1）matagi 秋田犬，2）斗犬秋田，3）牧羊秋田。这引起了非常混乱的局面。

战后，纯种犬修复过程中，Kongo-
go，一条Dewa血系的狗，展现出獒犬和德国牧羊犬的特性，当时受到极大的欢迎。然而，明智的爱好者不认可这种类型能够代表日本犬种。因此，为了得到原先的纯种犬，他们通过和Matgi秋田犬杂交尽力消除外来犬种的血统。他们成功的稳固了如今人们所熟知的这个大型犬的纯正特点。

**GENERAL APPEARANCE** :

Large-sized dog, sturdily built, well balanced and with much substance ;
secondary sex characteristics strongly marked, with high nobility and dignity
in modesty ; constitution tough.

**整体外貌 ：**

体形大、强健，有很好的平衡性；第二性征明显，具有高贵和谦逊的气质；体格强壮。

**IMPORTANT PROPORTIONS** :

The ratio of height at withers to length of body ( from the point of the
shoulders to the point of the buttock) is 10 : 11, but the body is slightly
longer in bitches than in dogs.

**重要比例** ：

体高和体长的（从肩的一点到臀部一点）比例为10：11，雌犬的体长相对长一些。

**BEHAVIOUR/TEMPERAMENT** **:**

The temperament is composed, faithful, docile and receptive.

**行为/秉性** ：

忠诚，温驯和机敏。

**HEAD : 头部**

**CRANIAL REGION : 颅部区域**

Skull: The size is in proportion to the body. The forehead is broad, with
distinct furrow. No wrinkle.

头骨：头部与身体匀称。额头宽阔，带有明显的凹痕。无皱纹。

Stop: Defined.

额段：明显。

**FACIAL REGION : ****面部** **区域**

Nose: Large and black. Slight and diffuse lack of pigment accepted in white
dogs only, but black is always preferred.

鼻：鼻大，呈黑色。少量和分散的色素沉着仅在白色的狗接受，总是以黑色为佳。

Muzzle:

Moderately long and strong with broad base, tapering but not pointed. Nasal
bridge straight.

口吻：

中等长度，结实，基部宽，逐渐变窄但不尖。鼻梁直。

Jaws/Teeth: Teeth strong with scissor bite.

颌/齿：牙齿坚固，为剪状咬合。

Lips: Tight.

唇：紧。

Cheeks: Moderately developed.

脸颊：饱满。

Eyes: Relatively small, almost triangular in shape due to the rising of the
outer eye corner, set moderately apart, dark brown : the darker, the better.

眼睛：相对较小，由于外眼角上吊，眼睛几乎呈三角行，眼距适中，深褐色；眼睛颜色越深越好。

Ears: Relatively small, thick, triangular, slightly rounded at tips, set
moderately apart, pricked and inclining forward.

耳朵：相对小、厚、呈三角形，耳尖微圆。耳距适中、直立且向前倾。

**NECK** : Thick and muscular, without dewlap, in balance with head.

**颈部** ：颈部粗且肌肉发达，无垂肉。协调。

**BODY : 躯干**

Back: Straight and strong.

背：直、强壮。

Loin: Broad and muscular.

腰：宽阔、肌肉发达。

Chest: Deep, forechest well developed, ribs moderately well sprung.

胸：深、前胸发达，肋骨扩张良好。

Belly: Well drawn up.

腹部：紧收。

**TAIL** : Set on high, thick, carried vigorously curled over back ; the tip
nearly reaching hocks when let down.

**尾** ：位置高，厚，尾向背部卷曲，尾部放下时尾尖达后腿飞节。

**LIMBS : 四肢**

**FOREQUARTERS : 前躯**

Shoulders : Moderately sloping and developed.

肩：肩适度倾斜。

Elbows:Tight.

肘：紧。

Forearms: Straight and heavy-boned.

前臂：直且骨量大。

**LIMBS : 四肢**

**HINDQUARTERS : 后躯**

General appearance :

Well developed, strong and moderately angulated.

整体外观：

发育良好,强健,角度适中。

Feet: Thick, round, arched and tight.

足：厚，圆，拱起且紧凑。

**GAIT/MOVEMENT** :

Resilient and powerful movement.

**步态/动态** ：

有弹性、有力的步态。

**COAT : 被毛**

Hair:Outer coat harsh and straight, undercoat soft and dense ; the withers and
the rump are covered with slightly longer hair ; the hair on tail is longer
than on the rest of the body.

毛质：外部被毛粗且直，底层绒毛柔软浓密。马肩隆和大腿部的被毛略长；尾部的被毛比身体其他部位毛长。

Colour:

Red fawn, sesame (red fawn hairs with black tips), brindle and white. All the
above mentioned colours except white must have « urajiro ». (Urajiro = whitish
coat on the sides of the muzzle, on the cheeks, on the underside of jaw, neck,
chest, body and tail and on the inside of the legs).

毛色:

红褐色、麻色(红褐色略带黑点)、虎斑和白色。除白色外，其它颜色必须有Urajiro。

(Urajiro)：吻部、颊部、下颌部、颈部、胸部、躯干和尾部内侧以及腿部内侧都有白色被毛。

**SIZE : 尺寸**

Height at the withers:

Dogs : 67 cm,

bitches : 61 cm.

There is a tolerance of 3 cm more or less.

肩高：

公犬：67 厘米。

母犬：61 厘米。

个体比例允许上下3厘米差值。

**FAULTS : 缺陷**

Any departure from the foregoing points should be considered a fault and the
seriousness with which the fault should be regarded should be in exact
proportion to its degree and its effect upon the health and welfare of the
dog.

  * Bitchy dogs / doggy bitches.
  * Undershot or overshot mouth.
  * Missing teeth.
  * Blue or black spotted tongue.
  * Iris light in colour.
  * Short tail.
  * Shyness.

任何与上述各点相背离的均视为缺陷，其缺陷的严重性严格地与其缺陷的程度和对犬只健康和福利带来的影响成正比。

  * 雄性雌性化/雌性雄性化
  * 缺牙。
  * 蓝色或黑色斑点样舌。
  * 虹膜色淡。
  * 尾巴：位置低，打结。
  * 短尾。
  * 生性羞怯。

**DISQUALIFYING FAULTS : 失格缺陷**

  * Aggressive or overly shy.
  * Any dog clearly showing physical or behavioural abnormalities shall be disqualified.
  * Ears not pricked.
  * Hanging tail.
  * Long hair (shaggy).
  * Black mask.
  * Markings on white ground.

  * 有攻击性或过于羞怯。
  * 任何身体和行为有明显异常的犬都为失格。
  * 耳朵不立。
  * 尾巴悬垂。
  * 长被毛（蓬松）。
  * 黑面罩。
  * 白色斑纹的底毛。

**N.B.** ：

  * Male animals should have two apparently normal testicles fullydescended into the scrotum.
  * Only functionally and clinically healthy dogs, with breed typicalconformation, should be used for breeding.

**注** ： __返回搜狐，查看更多

  * 公犬具备两个明显正常且完全置于阴囊的睾丸
  * 只有身体机能以及临床表现健康的，具备典型犬种结构的犬只，才可用于繁殖。

责任编辑：


