【4月4日亚太雅思考区】2020年4月4日泰国雅思、越南雅思、迪拜雅思、日本雅思、新加坡雅思、韩国雅思、_雅思托福全球网Paul老师_新浪博客
【4月4日亚太雅思考区】2020年4月4日泰国雅思、越南雅思、迪拜雅思、日本雅思、新加坡雅思、韩国雅思、马来西亚雅思、台湾雅思、菲律宾雅思、印度尼西亚雅思等亚太雅思考区A类G类、UKVI雅思真题听力、口语、阅读、写作预测答案范文机经精准版IELTS
Asia【亚太雅思考区,超高命中率，IRP快速提高1-3分，一次性攻破雅思VIP资料】-亚太雅思真题答案2020年4月4日泰国雅思、新加坡雅思、韩国雅思、越南雅思、日本雅思、菲律宾雅思、澳门雅思、台湾雅思、迪拜雅思、马来西亚雅思、印度尼西亚雅思等亚洲国家雅思真题预测答案A类（学术类）G类（移民类）、UKVI精准版【Ielts
in
Asia快速加分1-3分】-2020年4月4日越南雅思、泰国雅思、新加坡雅思、迪拜雅思、马来西亚雅思、菲律宾雅思、日本雅思、韩国雅思、台湾雅思、澳门雅思等亚太地区雅思A类（学术类）G类（移民类）、UKVI听说读写答案范文机经小范围超高命中率精准版IRP
for Ielts in Asia【剑桥雅思考官雅思真题预测IRP快速加分1-3分，每场必中大部分考试内容】IELTS Asia,Ielts
Killer,Pass IELTS Higher，Ielts
Asia亚太雅思真题答案快速提高1-3分请进入http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-247812-1-1.html

  

【亚洲雅思真题答案】2020年4月4日泰国雅思、越南雅思、迪拜雅思、韩国雅思、日本雅思、新加坡雅思、菲律宾雅思、台湾雅思、马来西亚雅思、印度尼西亚雅思等亚太地区国家雅思考试A类G类、UKVI听力、口语、阅读、写作真题预测答案机经精准版IELTS
Asia【全球网雅思真预测IRP小范围精准版，IRP快速加分1-3分，剑桥雅思考官专家权威发布】超高命中率，一次性攻破雅思亚太雅思真题答案快速提升1-3分Ielts
Killer,Pass IELTS Higher,IELTS Asia

  

超高命中率雅思真题预测机经IRP适用纸质+机考：全球六大雅思考区分开，A类、G类、UKVI分开，都有各自IRP雅思A类、G类、UKVI听力、口语、写作、阅读真题预测及完整答案，具体请进入http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-32-1-1.html或者咨询
QQ26346059,
QQ504918228,咨询个人微信504918228或者ieltstofel3或者ielts2013，或者加公共微信平台ieltstofel,ielts2018

本超高命中率雅思真题预测机经适用纸质+机考：越南、韩国、日本、泰国、迪拜、菲律宾、新加坡,马来西亚,澳门,台湾、文莱、柬埔寨、斐济、印度尼西亚等亚太地区城市和国家。以上地区笔试部分（听力、阅读、写作）为统一试卷，口试内容半年内基本在共同的Part
1-3
30-40几个经典固定话题中(预测中整理好)选择变化。雅思考试是全球性的,统一由英国雅思考试中心出题,因此题库是一样的.预测不是一两个题目,而是个范围,由一定数量题目组成,是考试复习的重点和最可能考到的题目,希望大家按照预测认真准备,提高复习效率和质量,有的放矢,切中肯綮.本预测里面的口语，写作，听力预测题目和范围也是未来几个月的复习重点范围，后面考试的同学请按照此内容先复习。

  

本预测里面的所有雅思口语Part
1-3、雅思A类G类、雅思UKVI大小写作题目地道原创答案范文、听力预测版本号内容答案和阅读预测对应机经内容答案（整理好的阅读和听力机经）IRP会员有提供，可以快速提高1-3分，具体请进入http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-32-1-1.html或者咨询
QQ26346059,
QQ504918228,咨询个人微信504918228或者ieltstofel3或者ielts2013，或者加公共微信平台ieltstofel,ielts2018

中国、澳洲、亚太、北美、欧洲、非洲、中东地区、南美洲等各考区精准雅思A类G类、雅思UKVI真题预测机经汇总2020年2月3月4月5月6月7月8月9月10月11月12月雅思a类g类、雅思UKVI真题预测答案范文机经请进入http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-231231-1-1.html或者咨询
QQ26346059,
QQ504918228,咨询个人微信504918228或者ieltstofel3或者ielts2013，或者加公共微信平台ieltstofel,ielts2018

全球各大考区最高命中率的雅思A类G类真题预测-
雅思托福英语全球网专家提供紧跟考情的每一场考试，口语命中率为99%-100%,听力命中率为95%-100%，写作和阅读旧题命中率90-100%，历次反馈都公布在本网站论坛http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/forum.php和博客上。

  

IRP既是紧跟考情最精准的针对每一场雅思考试的真题题目组成的预测，也是雅思考试最重要的的最新真题题库复习内容整理，一举两得 ，快速提高1到3分

  

IRP内容：小范围的,适合时间少的同学冲刺

  

1.写作:最前面第1到10题,每一题目都有同一题材的2到4个TOPICS,可以选择其中一个准备,一般第一个最重要。

  

2.听力:听力按照重点先后排列,根据自己的时间来取舍,主要背“最重点" V130*** ;V120***最前面各20个号

  

3.口语:时间少的同学准备最重点前面1次最新调整(更新版)的就行，时间充裕的同学最重点往下多准备一些。（比如最前面第一次小更新里面有个10几个topics，以准备Part
2为主,Part1和Part3 稍微准备,IRP资料都全部配有详细答案）

  

4.阅读:直接看最重点那10几篇

  

  

冲刺加急最小范文IRP资料内容：小范围的,适合时间少的同学冲刺

  

1.写作:最前面第1到5题,每一题目都有同一题材的2到4个TOPICS,可以选择其中一个准备,一般第一个最重要。

  

2.听力:听力按照重点先后排列,根据自己的时间来取舍,主要背“最重点" V130*** ;V120***最前面20个号

  

3.口语:时间少的同学准备最重点前面1次最新调整(更新版)的就行，里面有个10几个topics，以准备Part 2为主,Part1和Part3
稍微准备,IRP资料都全部配有详细答案）

  

4.阅读:直接看最重点前面那5到10篇

  

雅思快速提分:对于长期困扰和急于提高雅思成绩总分1-4分的全球各地烤鸭们,Edward 艾华师提供全球性网络一对一雅思专家型授课,
无数在国内外读语言/预科,硕士博士(需要4个7,4个8移民)的学员的心声:花8-10万,几十万甚至上百万在国外学英语,还不如上Edward
的几次课,具体安排和说明请进入

http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-33-1-1.html

  

雅思4个7分经典VIP一对一课程:语言实力内存提升+快速提分技能+精准预测IRP
http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-9812-1-1.html

  

雅思冲刺快速加分套餐系列1888-2588元起：IRP资料+1对1辅导请进入

http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-193148-1-1.html

  

全球各大考区最高命中率的雅思A类G类真题预测-
雅思托福英语全球网专家提供紧跟考情的每一场考试，口语命中率为99%-100%,听力命中率为95%-100%，写作和阅读旧题命中率90-100%，历次反馈都公布在本网站论坛http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/forum.php和博客上。

  

最新雅思成绩出炉!最新雅思短时间内提高1分到4分和4个7分,4个8分烤鸭详细实用经验请进入http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/forum-45-1.html

  

历任雅思考官和金牌雅思培训老师Edward艾华师最新提醒:最近一段时间以来
,雅思口语题目和写作题目经常互相借用,拼凑组合,特别是新的写作题目经常取自于口语话题,这其实是好现象,说明我们的口语和写作是可以一起准备的,不要把他们孤立开来,Edward的IRP资料的口语和写作答案和范文http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-32-1-1.html是可以互相套用的.

每年都有人传闻哪个月会换题或者出新题，特别是1月3月5月9月份说要出新题，而实际上每一年每个月考出来都是90%旧题。原因是：全世界有6大考区，而只有一个剑桥考试中心几个人在出题，每个考区一周平均要出一份考卷，一个月出24份考卷，考官如何保证达到难度一样呢，如何保证新题难度、准确度和评价机制公平呢，所以只能是20年来的题库旧题目的有效组合，每份雅思考卷90%是旧题目,新题不能超出10%。

雅思考试历年历次每一场雅思考试用事实再次证明了Edward的预测和判断是正确的:

雅思考试有题库，新题目增加每次只有一点点。

其实一整年(或者半年)每一场雅思考试试卷英国剑桥雅思考试中心都基本提前安排好了,是有一定规律性的。每一份雅思考试试题其实是大部分旧题目+个别新题目的重新组合，听力80%-100%是旧题,写作90%-100%旧题目或者旧题目改造组合,换汤不换药,口语99%-100%旧题目,阅读80-100%旧题目。70%次考试难度适中，20%次考试稍难，较难占10%次，
2020年-2021年雅思不会有什么明显变化--难度,题型是不会变的,最多是根据每场具体情况增加修改点题库的题目。有鉴于此，Edward研发了IRP资料

IRP资料就是最新雅思考试题库和最新预测的符合剑桥雅思思维的地道原创答案范文,就是把口语和写作所有预测题目的答案范文、听力机经预测版本号的内容答案及阅读预测对应的阅读文章、题目、答案等都整理好，抓住复习重点，提高复习效率和质量。

题目和答案范文是按照重点先后排列的,可以根据自己时间取舍，阅读和听力还提供出题考点替换词汇和各题型解题方法。IRP主要看和背口语“最重点”（有时间加一级重点）答案，写作范文简捷版本、听力预测机经、阅读预测机经“最重点”（“一般重点”），一般能帮助提高总分1-3分，根据每个人复习和消化程度。

分为最重点,一般重点,次重点,有时间看看等…你时间越多,复习越全面

  

我们的IRP资料是紧跟考情的每周小更新的考试题库和严格按照剑桥雅思思维的地道答案范文，完全不同于外面的书,外面的书都是无数人看的中国英语，早就过期几个世纪，跟不上考情,就算是最新的出来的书早就过期一年了，没有更新。

分为最重点,一般重点,次重点,有时间看看等…你时间越多,复习越全面,具体请进入http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-32-1-1.html

注意:剑桥1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14系列真题书,都只是考试的样卷,供学生熟悉考试的作用,而真正雅思考试是不能考里面的内容的，真正的考试题库就是我们的IRP资料！

选择比努力更重要，方向比速度跟更重要

雅思想考出好成绩，单单靠题海战术、空应试技巧和数次的反复报考是难有成效的，这种土办法使成绩每况愈下，越考越糟，信心全无，最后放弃。只有掌握地道雅思思维方式，利用剑桥英国人的风格和Edward的IRP雅思最新题库+真题预测来进行学习和脚踏实地复习，并挖掘右半脑潜能，用激情学习，热爱雅思，欣赏语言，才能一举多得，在短期时间内起到事半功倍的理想成绩。一直以来,Edward
全球网络一对一学员们和IRP会员们成绩公布后来报喜说得最高频的一句话是:老师,我考过了,省了好几万元了!这是无数在国内外读语言/预科,硕士博士(需要4个7,4个8移民)的学员的心声:花8-10万,几十万甚至上百万在国外学英语,还不如上Edward
的几次课http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-33-1-1.html

2013年至2020年连续每一场考试都全部预测中听力阅读旧题（大部分是三旧一新，四旧的）,预测中大作文题目素材及99%-100%口语题目,恭喜看我们预测的所有考生们!

最近几场雅思预测和考试反馈请进入最近几场雅思预测和考试反馈请进入

http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/forum-39-1.html和http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/forum-36-1.html

  

Edward 大胆推断

2020年4月4日雅思应该总体适中，旧题目较多，听力应该有80%-100%旧题，口语99%-100%以上是旧话题，大作文80-100%为旧题或旧题改造，阅读80-100%旧题稍难是总体趋势，小作文应该是曲线-
饼图-柱状图-表格，或两种图结合起来的综合图，流程图20%机率,地图15%机率,稍微准备,大作文可能是旧题或者旧题翻新，注意不要离题。

  

雅思口语预测

未来几个月的口语几乎不会有比较明显的变化，99%-100%为旧题目，大家按照我下面这些题目准备就99-100%能覆盖中。事实上，雅思口语考试每次绝大部分都是旧题目，都覆盖于Edward
预测里面。雅思口语考试新题目是很少的---
一次最多5%，具体落实到各考考区点就更少了。最新国内外出现的口语新题目和解析我IRP资料会一直汇总更新，大家应该把复习重点放在这些高频率的和近期热点和新话题上面。现将口语考试预测如下。（我们的IRP会员资料有完整原创该预测Part
1-3全部地道答案解析，具体看http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-32-1-1.html）

特别提醒：一直有烤鸭希望我把口语预测题目压缩到剩下10几个，这是极其危险的。事实证明，每场考试每个考点考室的口语话题加起来有30-40几个，如果迷信很少的几个话题预测，偷工减料，那后果不堪设想。最近一段时间以来
,雅思口语题目和写作题目经常互相借用,拼凑组合,特别是新的写作题目经常取自于口语话题,这其实是好现象,说明我们的口语和写作是可以一起准备的,不要把他们孤立开来,我的IRP资料的口语和写作答案和范文是可以互相套用的。

  

口语预测话题按照重点先后顺序排列，可以根据自己的时间取舍,新调整和新增题目已标出(最重点)。没时间的看：2020年2月3月4月雅思新口语题库高频必考口语题目。时间充裕的同学最重点往下多准备一些，比如近期高频必考口语新题目，考前冲刺特重点。以准备Part
2为主,Part1和Part3 稍微浏览准备,IRP资料都全部配有详细答案）

  

2020雅思口语新题库出炉：最重要话题

  

2020年2月3月4月雅思新口语题库高频必考题目(按照重点先后顺序排列)

  

1.Part 2 Describe a person who is good at his/her job

Who this person is

What the job is

How does this person like his/herjob

Why this person is good at this job

  

2.Part2 Describe a situation when you celebrated your achievement/ Describe an
achievement that you are proud of

You should say:

What you did

When you celebrated it

Who you celebrated it with

And explain how you felt about it

  

3.Part 2 Describe an occasion when you lost something and then got it back

You should say:

what you lost

How you lost it

Where you found it

And how you felt about it

  

4.Part 2 Describe a person who likes to travel by plane

who this person is

how you know this person

where this person has travelled to

and explain why this person likes to travel by plane

  

  

5.Part2 Describe an interesting wild animal in your country.

You should say：

What is it？

What does it look like？

When and where did you see it？

And why is this wild animal interesting.

  

  

6.Part 2 Describe an indoor game /Describe a game you used to play in your
childhood.

You should say:

What type of game it was

How you played it

Who you played it with

And explain why you don't play it anymore.

  

Part 1,3 Do you play any indoor games?

Do you prefer to play indoor games or outdoor games?

What indoor games did you play when you were a child?

Is there any particular indoor games that you liked when you were a child?

What sort of indoor games do children play now?

Do you think the young people should spend a lot of time on playing games?

  

7.Part 2 Describe an interesting house /an apartment you visited/Describe a
house /an apartment/an ideal house/ place you want to live in

  

8.Part 2 Describe a film or TV program that made you laugh/ Describe a TV
program that makes you laugh

You should say:

what the program is

what type of program it is

what content it has

and explain why it makes you laugh.

  

9.Part 2 Describe an interesting conversation you had with someone

You should say

who the person was

where the conversation took place

what you talked about

and explain why you found the conversation interesting.

  

10.Part 2 Describe a family member you spend most time with/you want to work
with/an interesting old person/Describe a family member who had important
influence on you/an old person you respect/

Part3 How important is it to be patient? Do you think that Chinese people are
very patient?

11.Part 2 Describe an exciting event that you had/you have been through/an
experience that you won a prize

You should say:

What the prize was

When you won it

How do you won it

And how you felt about it

  

12.Part 2 Describe a job you would like to do in the future/ an interesting
job/a well paid job/a perfect job you would like to have in the future.

What it is

How you can get this jib

What kinds of work you would do for the job

And explain why you want to have it

  

13.Part 2 Describe a successful small company you know/a successful family
business you know

You should say:

What this business is

How you know it

What kind of people their customers are

And explain why this business is successful.

  

14.Part2 Describe an impressive trip/an experience that you visited a friend

You should say:

Where you went

When you went there

Who you were with

What you did there

And explain why it is unusual

  

15.Part2 Describe an experience that you went through adifficult
challenge/Describe a time you solved a problem through the Internet

You should say:

What the problem was

How you solved this problem

How long it took to solve this problem

And how you felt about it

  

  

16.Part2 Describe a person who encouraged and helped you to achieve a
goal(new)

You should say:

Who this person is

What this person encouraged you to do

How this person helped you

And explain why this encouragement helped you to achieve the goal

  

17.Part 2 Describe a change that will improve your local area.

You should say:

what the change is

why the change is needed

whether there will be any problems associated with change

and explain how it will improve your local area.

  

18.Part 2 Describe an experience that you couldn’t do what you want because of
the weather

  

19.Part 2 Describe a time when you invite someone to have dinner at home or a
restaurant

You should say:

when it was

who you invited

what you ate

how do you feel

  

20.Part 2 Describe an occasion you got up early.

You should say:

When this happened

What you needed to do that day

Who you were with

And explain how you felt about getting up so early on that day.

  

Part 3

Who usually get up early, young people or old people?

Do young Chinese people stay up late at night?

Will working late at night influence the next day’s work?

Can you sleep well if there is noise around?

Is it easy to get up early for you?

What do you do to guarantee a good sleep?

  

21.Part 2 Describe a film you would like to share with your friends

You should say:

Where you watched it

What it was about

Who you watched it with

And why you want to share it with friends

  

22.Part 2 Describe a piece of advice(suggestion) you received/gave to others

you should say:

What was it

In what situation did you receive it/you gave it to others

Who gave you this advice/Who(m)

you gave this advice to

and explain what did you do

after you received this advice/what did him(her) do when he(she) received this
advice

  

  

23.Part2 Decribe a famous foreign person you would like to meet/Describe a
foreign celebrity/a famous person who is not from your country, and u like to
meet

You should say

Who the person is

how you first learned about him or her

why this person is famous

and explain why you would like to meet this person

  

24.Part 2 Describe an experience that you got/get bored

You should say:

When it was/is

Why you were/are bored

What you did/do

And explain why you would/will do

  

  

25.Part 2 Describe a sky you would like to see/ Part 2 Describe a time when
you enjoy looking at a beautiful sky

What it is

Who you would like to see with

What you would like to see

Why you would like to see it

  

26.Part 2 Describe your favorite piece of clothing/clothes

You should say:

What it looks like

Where did you get it

Why do you like it

And when do you wear it

  

27.Part 2 Describe a place you remember which is full of color

You should say:

where the place is

what you did there

why you went there

and explain why this place is full of color.

  

28.Part 2 Describe a special day（experience） that you remember well

You should say:

Where you were

Who you were with

What you did

And explain why you remember it well

  

29.Part2 Describe a person you know who can speak a second language/Describe a
person who speaks a foreign language very well.

You should say

Who this person is

How you know them

What language they speak

And explain why you think this person can master this language

  

30.Part 2 Describe a leisure activity you do withyour family.

You should say:what it is when you do ithow you do it and explain how you feel
about it

  

  

31.Part2 Describe a child/someone or something that made you laugh.

You should say:

When it was

Where you were

Who the child was

What the child did

And explain why you laughed

  

32.Part 2 Describe a place where you can read and write

You should say:

where it is

how often you gothere

who you go there with

and explain how you feel about this place

  

  

33.Part 2 Describe an occasion you got up early.

You should say:

When this happened

What you needed to do that day

Who you were with

And explain how you felt about getting up so early on that day.

  

Part 3

Who usually get up early, young people or old people?

Do young Chinese people stay up late at night?

Will working late at night influence the next day’s work?

Can you sleep well if there is noise around?

Is it easy to get up early for you?

What do you do to guarantee a good sleep?

  

34.Part 2 Describe a place you want to travel to/Describe an idea of vacation
away from home/a free day

You should say:

Where will you go

Who will you go with

When will you go

What will you do there

  

Part 3 Why do we need leisure activities?what are leisure activities? What
leisure activities may people take?How do people plan their daily routine?

How do you think a person can find the right balance between work time and
family time?

  

  

35.Part 2 Describe a subject you used to dislike but now have interest in

You should say:

What the subject is

Why you disliked it

What you are interested in now

And explain why you become interested in it

  

36.Part 2 Describe an interesting house /an apartment you visited/Describe a
house /an apartment/an ideal house/ place you want to live in

  

37.Part2 Describe a person who encouraged and helped you to achieve a
goal(new)

You should say:

Who this person is

What this person encouraged you to do

How this person helped you

And explain why this encouragement helped you to achieve the goal

  

38.Part 2 Describe an outdoor activity that you like doing (or do regularly)

You should say:

what this activity is

where you do it

when you do it (or, how often you do it)

and explain why you like it.

39.Part 2 Describe a practical skill/a skill that took you a long time to
learn.

You should say:

what skill it was;

how long it took you to learn it;

how you learnt it;

and explain how useful the skill was.

  

  

  

40.Part 2 Describe an advertisement that impresses you/ you like.

You should say:

what type of advertisement it is

what product it advertises

where you first saw it

And explain why you think this advertisement is effective.

  

  

41.Part 2 Describe your favorite park/garden/a quiet place/Describe  a place
to relax/

  

  

42.Part 2 Describe an occasion when you got incorrect information

You should say:

Why you got it

When you got it

How you got it

How you found it was incorrect

And how you felt about it

  

43.Part 2 Describe an interesting subject that you learnt in the school

What the subject was

What you teacher was like

How long you learnt this subject

and explain why you thought it was interesting

  

44.Part 2 Describe an experience that the vehicle you took broke down in your
travel

You should say:

Where it happened

When it happened

Who you were with at that time

And what impacts this breakdown had

  

45.Part 2 Describe a performance that you enjoyed watching.

You should say:

what kind of performance it was

when and where you saw it

who the performer(s) was (were)

and explain how you felt about this performance.

  

  

  

Part 1 高频题目

  

1.Part1  Name

What is your name? How should I call you? Does your name have any special
meaning or significance?

  

2.Part 1 Personal Present Situation

Are you a student or do you have a job?

Study  What kind of school do you attend? What do you like most about your
studies? What is your major? Is that a very popular subject to study in your
country? Is your subject very challenging (or difficult) to study? What do you
do when you have a difficulty with your studies? Why did you choose ...as your
major? What's more important when studying - the student or teacher?

  

3.living place/house/apartment

Part 1/Part3 Do you live in a house or a flat/apartment? What is your
house/flat like? What furniture or appliances do you have in your home? which
part of the apartment do you want to make a change? What kind of house or flat
do you want to live in in the future? Do you like the decoration in your home?
Why or why not? Will you move to another house or flat in the near future?
What do you think of the neighborhood where you live? How long have you lived
there? How do you like it? What are your neighbors like?

  

4.Part 1 Hometown

Part1 Where are you from? What’s the most impressive/interesting part of your
hometown? Has your hometown changed in recent years?

  

5.Part 1 Do you have a lot of friends? What does friendship mean to you? What
do you usually do with your friends? Do you prefer to be alone or to be with
friends?

  

6.Part 1 Chocolate

Do you like chocolate?How often do you eat chocolate?What’s your favourite
flavor?Is chocolate expensive in China?When was the first time you ate
chocolate?Is chocolate popular in China?

  

7.Part 1 Books  Part 1 What kinds of books do you like to read?

Are you reading any books at the moment?

  

8\. Part 1/3 Teenager

What activities do teenagers in your country like to do?

Do you often spend time with teenagers?

What is the best part of being a teenager in your country?

Do you think it is good to be a teenager?

  

9.Part 1 Sleep

When do you usually go to bed?

Is it necessary to sleep enough?

Is it necessary to take a nap every day?

How long should people sleep for the benefit of their health

Do you think the old should sleep more than the young,Why?

  

雅思听力预测：

Edward
认为2010-2020年历次考试事实证明,听力机经作用不小,特别是我们的预测听力机经,每场平均命中两个到四个部分,相信和购买我们机经的绝大部分考生受益匪浅,IRP资料或听力机经预测版本号里面的听力高频率拼写词汇要过关好。

有鉴于当前雅思听力考情特点,Edward认为要全面迅速提高听力并取得好成绩,必须要同时做好三方面的复习准备.即采取三手同时进行的原则:

  

1.背下面预测中的听力机经版本号对应的内容.

2.过关IRP资料里面的听力高频考点拼写词。

3.听透剑桥5-12（时间不够的就8-12）,精听出每一句话,大声跟读复叙听力原文.

  

听力按照重点先后排列,大家可根据自己的时间来取舍,时间紧急的同学只需要背“最重点”,再没时间就只背“最重点”中的V130***，V120***,
V11****最前面20个号,一直以来Edward
预测听力几乎每场平均中两个到四个部分的旧题目，有购买我们整理好的预测听力机经的烤鸭和IRP会员应该是受益非浅。

  

最新提醒1:2014-2020年以来的雅思旧题更多,考官越来越懒,全球各雅思考区听力旧题目经常连着考同一个号的S1,S2,S3,S4,不断出现四旧,三旧的局面，听力旧题都在我们IRP资料听力预测机经最重点里面，IRP资料里面的听力机经都有完整准确的答案，祝贺IRP将再次缔造多位雅思9分，8.5,8分听力人才了！听力考过的旧题还会再考。

  

最新提醒II: 北美、欧洲雅思考区V13****, V12****版本号的听力很重要,请大家引起足够的重视!
中国、澳洲、亚太雅思考区V12****，V13****版本号的听力很重要,请大家引起足够的重视!

  

冲刺时间不足的北美、欧洲雅思考区同学只需看V13***，
V12****最前面20个号；冲刺时间不足的中国、澳洲、亚太雅思考区同学只需看V12****，V13****最前面20个号。

  

最重点

V120809S1S2S4  V120811S1S2S3S4  V120825S1S3S4

V120901S1S2S3  V120906S1S2S3S4  V120915S2S3S4

V120922S1S2S3S4

  

V140424S1S2S3S4  V140426S1S2S3S4 V140510S1S2S3S4 V140213S1S2S3S4
V140215S1S2S3S4  V140222S1S2S3S4  V140301S1S2S3S4

  

V130928S1S2S3S4  V130727S1S2S3S4 V130608S1S2S3S4 V130713S1S2S3S4
V130817S1S2S3S4 V130824S1S3  V130829S1S2S3S4 V130706S1S2S3S4

  

V131012S1S2S3S4  V131019S1S2S3S4

V131026S1S2S3S4  V131010S1

V130406S2S3S4  V130413S1S2S3

V130418S1S2S4  V130428S1S2S3S4  V130511S1S2S3S4

  

V140405S1S2S3S4 V140308S1S2S3S4  V140313S1S2S3S4  V140315S1S2S3S4

V140109S1S2S3S4  V140111S1S2S3S4  V140118S1S2S3S4  V140125S1S2S3S4

  

V130907S1S2S3S4  V130912S1S2S3  V130921S1S2S3S4

V130706S1S2S3S4

  

V150110S1S2S3S4  V150117S1S2S3S4  V150129S1S2S3S4

V150131S1S2S3S4

  

V131109S1S2S3S4  V131116S1S2S3S4

V131121S1S2S3S4  V131130S1S2S3S4

  

  

V120512S1S3S4  V120526S1S2S3S4  V120721S1S3S4  V120728S1S3S4 V120804S1S2S3
V120609S1S2S3S4

V120630S1S2S3  V120707S1S2S4  V120712S2S3S4 V121124S1S2S3S4

  

  

V110108S1;V110115S2S3;V110122S1;V110127S1S2;

V110212S2S3S4;V111020S4 V111022S2S3S4  V111029S2S4 V111105S1  V111117S1S2S4
V111119S2S3S4  V111126S2S4  V111203S1S2S4  V111217S1S2S4

  

V121201S1S2S3S4  V121208S1S2S3S4  V121215S1S2S3S4

V121011S3S4  V121013S1S2S3S4  V121020S1S2S3S4

V121027S1S2S3S4 V121103S2S3S4 V121117S1S2S3S4

  

  

V120107S1S4 V120112S2S3S4  V120114S1S2S4 V120204S2S3 V120209S1S2S3
V120218S1S2S3S4 V120308S1S3 V120310S1S2S3S4 V120317S3  V120331S1S2

V120412S1S2S4  V120414S2S4  V120421S1S2S3 V120428S4  V121108S1S2S4

  

  

  

V101106S1S2 V101009S2  V101014S1S2S4  V101023S1S2S3

V101120S1S2  V101127S2S4  V101204S2S3S4

V101211S2S3S4  V101216S1S3  V101218S1

  

  

V09120S1S2S3S4;V09130S4;V09135S1;V09138S1S3S4;V09142S3S4;V09148S2;

V09101S2;V09102S3;V09103S4;
V09104S2;V09106S2S4;V09107S2S4;V09108S4;V09109S1S4;V09110S1S3;

  

美洲阿拉斯加移民 日本旧时代石器  即时支付研究

  

V131010S1S2S3S4

V130718S1S2S3S4  V130803S1S2S3S4

V130105S1S2S3S4  V130110S1S2S3S4  V130112S1S2 V130119S1S2S3S4  V130202S1S2S3S4
V130214S1S2S3S4 V130216S1S2S3S4  V130223S1S2S4

  

  

V130516S1S2S3S4  V130518S1S3S4  V130525S1S2S3

V130606S1S3S4  V130615S1S2S3S4

V130622S1S3S4

  

V130302S2S3S4  V130309S1S2S3S4  V130314S2S3S4  V130323S1S2S3S4

V120510S1S2S3  V120614S1S2S3  V120616S2S4

  

V110217S2;V110305S1S3;V110310S1;V110312S2S3;V110319S1S3;V110402S1S2;V110416S1;V110428S2S3;V110430S3S4,

V110507S1S2S3,V110514S1S2S4,V110519S1S2S3S4,V110528S1S2S3S4,

  

V110903S1S2S3  V110915S1S2S3  V110917S1S2S4 V110924S1S2S3S4

V111008S1S2S3S4

  

澳大利亚海豚

  

V121206S1S2S3S4

  

一般重点

V101030S2S3  V101104S1S2S3S4

V100130S3;V100206S4;V100211S3,S4;V100220S1,S3;
V100109s3,V100114s2,V100123S3;V100227S1S2S4;V100306S4
V100318S1S4;V100320S2S3;V100327S3;V100805S4;V100814S3S4
V100821S1S4;V100828S1S2S3;V1000904S2S3S4;V100911S1S2S3
V100916S1S2S3S4;V100925S1S2S3;V100710S1S2S3;V100715S1S3;V100717S2S4;V100731S1S2S4;V100410S1S3;V100415S4;V100417S1S2;V100424S1S2S4;V100508S1S2;V100515S1S2S3;V100520S2S4;V100529S1S3;V100617S1S3S4;V100619S1S2S3S4;V100626S3S4

  

V09111S1S3S4;V09112S1S3;V09113S2S4; V09114S1S3; V09115S1S3; 09136S3S4,
V09137S1S2S4,V09140S2S3S4, V09141S4,
V09144S2,V09145S3,V09147S2,V09121S2S3S4,V09122s3S4,V09126S3,V09128s2,V090207S3,V090212S3,V09124S2S3;V09125S3S4,
V09129S1S2，V09132S1S4, V09133S1S2S4, V09133S3;

  

关于购买整理好的Edward 预测听力机经的说明

应广大烤鸭的要求，为了节省大家宝贵时间(每次考试烤鸭都要花大量的时间和精力来整理预测里面的听力机经版本号，甚至有不少版本号找不到)，Edward和助理老师在一个年前就开始着手整理方便快捷每周紧跟考情更新的“Edward听力预测机经”。该机经包含所有我们预测版本号内容,为WORD文档
---非pdf，方便打印使用，每周我们根据考试和Edward
听力预测更新1次，完全按照Edward听力预测里面一二三重点先后和版本号顺序排列整理出对应内容，清楚方便。购买的烤鸭需要登记：姓名，考试时间，联系方式，更新时(免费)可以凭出示最新网上报名的截图和准考信证明。建议提前购买准备,可以出示报考确认信考前免费更新。

提醒: 本机经属于每周一更新版,旧版本过期作废,大家不要迷信网上上传的过期版本,以免耽误考试,也得不到及时更新。现在的版本为:
2020222293571421441118版,前面的版本过期作废,购买方式请进入http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-32-1-1.html
请加QQ504918228,QQ26346059；或公共微信号ieltstofel或个人微信：ieltstofel3, 504918228,
ielts2013咨询。

  

阅读最新复习方法与预测

2012年-2020年以来阅读考试每场平均两篇旧题，有时候甚至三篇都是旧题，Edward全部预测命中。

  

接下来的考试肯定是二到三旧居多。我们IRP资料里面的阅读预测机经都有完整准确的答案，皆大欢喜。雅思阅读机经越来越重要了。阅读复习除了剑桥系列文章的练习外，建议认真熟悉我们预测的最新阅读机经，熟悉考试文章背景，记忆旧题目答案和阅读考点词汇，考点替换词汇（IRP资料里面有完整提供整理http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-32-1-1.html
）

  

阅读想取得好成绩,最好同时做好两方面的复习准备，即采取两手同时进行的原则:

1.背IRP资料阅读预测对应的内容：我们的IRP阅读机经是配套我们最新预测，紧跟考情的。阅读预测机经是阅读考试真题回忆，是可能考到的题目场景，答案和单词。阅读预测机经的作用：
熟悉背景, 背诵答案，记忆单词。阅读基本上每次考试平均是一半以上旧题，剑桥系列的阅读是拿来练习用的，考试一般不会再考，而IRP阅读机经才是考试内容和范围

2.剑桥5，6，7，8,9,10,11,12阅读文章做完后，每天精读熟读透一篇、弄懂每个单词和句子,并记忆,可以借助剑桥解析的中文翻译和生词句子注解，并摘取好词句,背诵默写。

雅思阅读最新预测：（IRP会员提供预测题目对应的内容答案-
阅读机经http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-32-1-1.html

特重点：

第一篇： Organic farming and fertilisers（有机农业和化肥）,第二篇The  history  of  tea（茶叶的历史）,
第三篇Implication of False Belief
Experiments(错误信念实验),第四篇：英国海岸考古学，第五篇：猛犸象灭绝Mammoth Kill,第六篇Children Education
Philosophy（儿童教育哲学），第七篇： William Gilbert and Magnetism
（威廉•吉尔伯特和磁场学）,第八篇：Koalas考拉之恋 ，Koalas （澳洲考拉），第九篇：雇佣老年人（Grey Workers）,第十篇：Life
code: unlocked （生命密码解密）,第十一篇：How to Achieve Happiness（怎样获得快乐）, 第十二篇： Texting!
the television (短信电视互动), 第十三篇：renewable energy （澳洲清洁能源）,第十四篇：托马斯•杨 Thomas
Young The last True Know-It-All，第十五篇：Agriculture and Tourism（农业与旅游），第十六篇：Bondi
Beach  澳洲班迪沙滩,第十七篇： Global warming-Prevent poles from melting（北极冰川融化）,第十八篇 A
second  look  at  twin  studies (双胞胎研究) ，第十九篇：The Ingenuity Gap
（创新能力的差距），第二十篇：性格与交流冲突（Personality and Communicating Conflict），第二十一篇：Alfred
Nobel  （艾费雷德诺贝尔） Alfred Nobel（The man behind the Nobel Prize），第二十二篇： The
Farmers! Parade of history，第二十三篇：收音机 Radio Automation，第二十四篇：Leaf-Cutting Ants
and Fungus 切叶蚁和真菌,第二十五篇：Paper or Computer?（纸张与电脑），第二十六篇：TV
addiction，第二十七篇：Aquaculture in New Zealand（新西兰水产） ,第二十八篇：A Wonder Plant-
Bamboo（神奇的竹子）, 第二十九篇：Fishbourne Roman Palace 罗马宫殿, 第三十篇History of
Sahara撒哈拉历史（历史类），第三十一篇：classifying society（社会分层）,第三十二篇：Communicating  Styles
and  Conflice（交流的方式与冲突）, 第三十三篇：The seedhunters（种子猎人），第三十四篇Stress of
Workplace（人类工作压力）, 第三十五篇：What Does the Consumer think?（消费者的思维）,第三十六篇：SOSUS:
Listening to the Ocean（海地声音探索），第三十七篇：安慰剂效应，第三十八篇：Hunting Perfume in Madagascar
（马达加斯加狩猎香水），第三十九篇：Pollution in the Bay（海湾污染），第四十篇:霸王龙的最新研究，第四十一篇：Terminated
Dinosaur Era（恐龙灭绝），第四十二篇：Health in the Wild（野生动物健康），第四十三篇：Amateur
Naturalists（业余自然学家）， 第四十四篇：Internal and External Marketing（内部和外部营销）, 第四十五篇：How
Should Reading be Taught?（阅读教学方法怎么更重要），第四十六篇: The  "Extinct "  Grass in
Britain (英国灭绝的某种草),

  

最重点：

第一篇：Monkey and Forest(猴子和森林),第二篇 乐观与健康Optimism and health，第三篇：火星探索  The
Exploration of Mars,第四篇：Coral reefs （珊瑚蕉），第五篇：What cookbooks really teach
us，第六篇Save Endangered Language拯救濒危语言（文化类），第七篇：An Alternative Approach of
Farming in Honduras，第八篇：California’s age of Megafires（加州森林火灾），第九篇：Stress of
Workplace（人类工作压力），第十篇：The History of building telegraph
lines（电报的发展史），第十一篇：Ambergris（龙涎香），第十二篇：滑石粉（Talc Powder），第十三篇：（摩斯密码）Morse
code，第十四篇：Going Bananas（香蕉），第十五篇：Being Left-handed in a Right-handed
World（左右撇子），第十六篇：欧洲高温，第十七篇: Music: Language We All
Speak（音乐通用语言），第十八篇：洪水对生态的影响（Dirty River But Clean
Water）,,第十九篇：纹身，第二十篇：沙漠造雨设计The Rainmaker, 第二十一篇：仿生机器人（Man or
Machine）第二十二篇：打哈欠（The secret of the Yawn）The secret of the Yawn，第二十三篇：Honey
Bees in Trouble （当蜜蜂遇到困难）, 第二十四篇：Antarctica-in from the
cold?（南极气候），第二十五篇：Bestcome Considerate Computing （自动电话系统）

  

  

  

一般重点

第一篇: 过山车，第二篇：指纹识名画，第三篇：郁金香，第四篇：古苏格兰乌鸦造窝工具，第五篇捕捉蚂蚁，第六篇：鳄鱼，第七篇：挽救鱼鹰，第八篇
：新西兰珊瑚鱼，第九篇 澳洲能源，第十篇 短信投票，第十一篇: The Lost
City(失落的城市)，第十二篇：地图发展史，第十三篇:火星探险，第十四篇：快乐成因，第十五篇：苏梅克9号慧星，第十六篇：生态旅游，第十七篇：过山车，第十八篇History
of Sahara撒哈拉历史（历史类），第十九篇：新手与专家，第二十篇：沙丘，第二十一篇：性格与人际关系

  

  

A类阅读重点题型应该还是：t/f/ng ，match， summary, list of headings,
选择题，段落信息品配,建议专项总结重点题型，加强训练。提醒：是非判断题t/f/ng务必注意答案规范化.阅读考不好主要是三大原因：1.词汇量太少；2.阅读输入量少：应对当前阅读较难的趋势，阅读量一定要够才能考出好成绩，阅读量不足永远别想提高阅读速度（剑桥6-12+刘洪波的雅思阅读真经4，3，2
---
如果读完这个量，你会发现你的阅读速度贼快！）；3.雅思阅读文章特点和解题技巧没掌握。雅思阅读出题的本质是三种替换：同义词/词组替换，句型替换，语法替换，雅思阅读提高做题速度和命中率的捷径是：a.剑桥真题中同义替换词和考点词的掌握
b.雅思阅读文章特点和解题技巧掌握。我有收集整理了剑桥1-9考点同义替换词（IRP资料里面），建议去过关记忆消化，非常实用。阅读总的趋势是较难，虽然考生经常在阅读方面叫难，但是阅读考出来的成绩往往却是各项中最好的，所以大家要有信心，一方面要加大阅读量，另外一方面加强剑桥雅思文章的熟悉和解题技巧的熟练掌握，坚持每天挑剑桥6-10一篇文章精读+泛读/做一套的习惯，同时在做完题目后要进行专项总结和归纳，加强考点单词，替换词和好词句的积累。不管考试难易，评分标准是弹性的和公平的，假如阅读难考，那么可能做对23个是6分，假如阅读简单，那么做对25个才得6分，所以考生要有良好的心理素质，尽力而为。不管难易，大家机会均等，考试成绩不一定会比较低或高，大家要做好充分的准备，加大阅读量的输入。G类同学不单单要完成剑桥1-12的G类文章，而且也要完成剑桥6-12A类文章，因为真正考试G类阅读难度高于剑桥的G类文章。G类阅读Edward
还推荐刘洪波编的移民类雅思经典教程。G类阅读重点题型：t/f/ng , match, list of headings，summary
.建议A/G类考鸭都要把剑桥6-12（有时间的同学剑桥1-12）上面提到的重点题型集中在一起专项复习。考前做题一定要掐时间，把阅读速度和质量进行磨合（雅思考试中阅读和写作经常有相当一部分考生没做完），可以使用Edward老师课堂讲过的平行做题法，平行读透和归纳关键词一样的题目，有目的地阅读，重点精读跟题目有关的句子段落，以此来保证做题质量和速度。在平常的阅读训练中培养课堂强调的雅思阅读三大品-
confidence, carefulness, patience。同时参考复习课堂讲义中的题型解题技巧,注意出题特点--
同义转达,句型替换,语法替换和考点不考面的规律。坚持句子对句子，词对词，点对点的做题方法，保证每个题目的证据定位；精读对照并验证题目和原文的替换和转化。我博客阅读专栏文章
---雅思阅读捷径-
文章剖析和解题策略，大家可以去看。大家要坚持每天精读一篇剑桥(剑桥6-12)+做题(剑桥6-12)+每天坚持读英语报刊杂志网站www.bbc.com,www.voa.com,国际先驱导报等科技,经济等新闻(博客内有推荐提高雅思阅读的英文网站),现在考试的三篇文章都是这样的题材。事实证明，经常阅读英文网站报刊，到大海中游泳的人，到了雅思这种池塘考试就会觉得很轻松。很多阅读高分学生的有这样的体会：考试的三篇文章很面熟，在平时每天阅览的英文网站报刊看过。基础词汇主要是掌握剑桥1-12题目中的同义替换词，一词多义，考点词，同时要重视加强常见单词的听写，以防听力的填空和写作中单词拼写出问题。

  

阅读做题Edward强调两大原则：1.以题目为基础，从题目出发的原则；2.有据可依，带着题目定位到证据的原则。归根到底，阅读的复习是要靠积累和总结，一个月的时间能够有一定的提高甚至提高1-4分，提高的点还是从词汇句子理解，题型总结分析上来,如果经济允许的话,可以上Edward
艾华师全球性雅思专家型网络授课一对一(电脑或者手机Iphone网络QQ/SKYPE上课)
http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-33-1-1.html, 教授Edward
独创剑桥雅思阅读思维方法，采用地道英国人阅读风格，细节题做题法，文章段落开展法，段落句型分析法，上课内容和资料为—阅读各题型解法及讲义+剑桥雅思阅读考点替换词+剑桥6-12
---
课前布置做剑桥阅读7/6/5/8/9/10/11/12相关文章,课堂点评,精读加泛读,阅读分题型专项讲技巧。考前合理的安排好复习时间，最后保持一个良好的做题状态和心态去应对考试，相信大家能取得一定成绩。

  

  

写作分析与预测

为方便海内外为方便国内外的考生提早有的放矢地做好雅思的作文考试复习准备工作，应广大烤鸭要求，Edward
提早几个月做雅思作文的预测，采用全球最高命中率的独家预测法，把未来的雅思考试重点作文题目预测归纳在后面。我IRP资料有提供所有预测大小作文的详细范文写法，也提供各种各样写作套句，写作词组搭配和句型，首段中段和尾段诸多模版供选择http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-32-1-1.htm。迅速提高雅思写作分数最好的办法就是背和默写出10篇-20篇IRP题库资料预测题目配套的地道原创剑桥雅思风格的范文,形成一套有把握的写法,词句和素材,并挑选一些题目练笔,一份耕耘一份收获!

Edward多年来的雅思教学经验和无数成功写作烤鸭的实践经验证明：短时间提高雅思写作的捷径如下----

建议基础好的烤鸭们在考前要尽量写完我所预测的作文题目，并读背范文提高。预测里面的作文就是近期几个月的重点，最好都要写。只有完成这个指标，才能形成自己的一套写法，才有自己一整套的句子表达，才能应万变，考试时作文才能按时间写完。人生是一个过程，雅思复习也需要一个过程，作文的提高更需要过程，偷工减料没完成我提出的指标的同学考试就会知道苦头了-
要么在规定时间内写不完，要么离题或写得很痛苦。

建议基础不好的，作文写不出来的烤鸭先背完我IRP题库最新预测配套的地道原创剑桥雅思风格的范文25-30篇和一些实用套句后，再选择其中的10-15个题目自己写一写，这样子能很快形成自己的一套写法，有自己一整套的句子表达，在1个月内就能迅速大幅度提高成绩。

备考指导-----

1\. 写作练习三步走：“精读背诵— 摘抄— 模仿”。

很多同学写作的最大的问题是无话可说，解决这一问题的最好的方法是先大量精读雅思写作的范文，请记住“没有大量的输入就没有自由的输出”。我IRP资料有提供所有预测大小作文的详细范文写法，也提供各种各样写作套句，写作词组搭配和句型，首段中段和尾段诸多模版供选择，具体可以看我博客置顶文章。请记住雅思写作中所有的让考官眼前一亮的东西一定是提前设计好的。记得笔者之前曾和一位雅思的前考官交流过，她曾对我说了这样一句话，让我记忆犹新：“Every
word in your essay should be preset..”

2.多练习范文:

根据科学统计要在雅思写作中取得7-8分的成绩，至少要练习15篇左右文章。希望同学们在练习的时候一定要掐好时间，最近几次考试很多同学大作文没有来得及写完，结果写作在5分以下，究其原因还是平时的实战练习太少了。写完之后一定要找到老师来批改，我自己给学生批改作文的实践告诉我：某一个学生所犯的错误的类型是不断重读重现的，比如我给一位雅思之前5分的学员一气改了5篇文章，发现5篇文章的错误保持高度一致：主谓一致错误，一个句子出现两个谓语动词，词性误用，中间段落论证单薄。后来改正之后，这次作文考出了8分的好成绩。

我们提供有偿批改作文和论文项目服务，请尽量写我们预测的最新作文题目（相信我们的预测是最准确命中率最高的）-如果是我们预测的题目，批改完会赠送相应题目的范文。作文由Edward
亲自批改，每篇作文都有明确语言，语法，文章内容，结构等修改或建议，并给出分项和综合分。具体请看雅思网站http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-276-1-1.html

对于长期提高不了写作和口语,阅读听力等项目的同学也可以上我本人全球网络一对一的雅思写作专项和雅思综合课http://bbs.ieltstofelglobal.com/thread-33-1-1.html

Edward 独创剑桥雅思写作捷径，采用地道英国人写作思维，短时间内能快速提高分数1-4分，上课内容为--
预测IRP写作资料(80-90%%命中率),A/G类大小作文写法,面批,点评---
每次课前写作布置预测的大小作文,课堂批讲，辅导。Edward独创剑桥雅思捷径，采用地道英国人思维，短时间内能快速提高分数1-4分，上课内容为--
预测IRP资料。

  

雅思A类小作文每次考试都是全新的具体题目，只能预测题型。

小作文重点排列应该是

一级重点：柱状图-曲线-饼图-表格

二级：柱状图-曲线-饼图-表格的综合图

三级：流程图5%机率,地图25%机率。

以上题型此IRP包小作文真题预测题目都有详细题目答案，范文，写法，套句素材。

雅思A类大作文具体题目预测IRP资料有提供所有题目范文）预测题目按照重点先后顺序排列，可以根据自己时间取舍最前面10题(最重点)/15题(一般重点)/20题(次重点)/30题,每一题目都有同一题材的2-4个TOPICS,可以选择其中一个准备,一般第一个最重要。

1.The best way to solve the traffic congestion in city is to provide free
public transport for 24 hours a day，7days a week. To what extent do you agree
or disagree? 或Some people think cars should be banned in city centers,
especially in large cities. Do you agree or disagree?或In most parts of the
world, the volume of traffic is growing at an alarming rate. In the form of an
assignment, discuss about the main traffic problems in your country, their
causes and possible solutions. 或Recently we are facing increasing number of
cars, which poses great threat to the pedestrians and cyclists. What’s more, a
lot of parks need to be sacrificed as a result of the construction of railways
and superhighways. Do you agree or disagree? What do you think is the best
solution to satisfy residents to their heart’s content?

  

2.Wild animals have no place in the 21st century. Some people think that
preventing these wild animals from dying out is a waste of resource. To what
extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion. 或International community
must ensure that all countries reduce the consumption of fossil fuels such as
gas and oil. To what extent do you agree or disagree?或In the modern world, it
is no longer necessary to use animals for food, or animal products for
clothing and medicine, for example. Do you agree or disagree with this
statement? 或Human activities have negative effects on plant and animal
species. Some people think it is too late to do anything about this problem.
Others believe that effective measures can be taken to improve this situation.
Discuss both views and give our opinion.

  

3.It is often said that the subjects taught in schools are too academic in
orientation and that it would be more useful for children to learn about
practical matters such as home management, work and interpersonal skills. To
what extent do you agree or disagree?或Nowadays,in many countries,there are not
enough students choosing science subjects in university. What're the reasons
for this problem? What're the effects on the society? 或 Some people consider
that history is of little or no use to us. Others believe that studying
history helps us to know the present. Discuss these views and give your own
opinion.或In some countries young people ar encouraged to work or travel for a
year between finishing high school and starting university studies. Discuss
the advantages and disadvantages for young people who decide to do
this.或Financial education should be mandatory component of the school program.
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?

  

  

4.Some people spend more time reading books, while others prefer to watch TV.
The former group are more likely to develop creative imaginations and have a
much better grasp of language skills. Do you agree or disagree?

或Some people think it is a waste of money to establish libraries since the
public can use the Internet at home to obtain information, do you agree or
disagree?或Some museums charge visitors for admission while others are free.
What is your opinion? Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant
examples from your own knowledge or experience.或Writes an essay considering
and assessing arguments for and against the following view: As reading is
important for a good education, we should encourage our children to read
whatever appeals to them.

  

5.Nowadays, people always throw old things away and buy new things when they
are broken, whereas in the past old things were repaired and used again. Why
do you think this is the case? What problems will this lead to? 或Environmental
problems are too big for individual countries and individual people to
address. We have reached the stage where the only way to protect the
environment is at an international level. To what extent do you agree or
disagree with this statement? 或In recent years,“responsible tourists” have
paid attention topreserving both culture and environment of the places they
visit. However, some people say that it is impossible to be a “responsible
tourist”. To what extent do you agree or disagree?或In many countries, the
quality of life in large cities is becoming worse. What are the causes for
this problem? What measures do you think should be taken to tackle this
problem? 或Damage to environment is an inevitable consequence of the
improvement in the standard of living. To what degree do you agree or disagree
to this position?或What are the causes of water scarcity? What are your
solutions？

  

6.Should a city try to preserve its old, historic buildings or destroy them
and replace them with modern building? Use specific reasons and examples to
support your opinion.或In the past, buildings often reflected the culture of a
society but today all modern buildings look alike and cities throughout the
world are becoming similar. What are the reasons for this? Do you think the
advantages outweigh the disadvantages? 或When a country develops its
technology, the traditional skills and ways of life die out. It is pointless
to try and keep them alive. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this
opinion?

  

7.Many countries are spending a huge amount of money on supporting their
competitors to take part in some worldwide sports competitions. Others argue
that it would be better if these countries can spend the money on children to
take part in sports. To what extent do you agree or disagree? 或Some think that
government should ban dangerous sports. Others believe that people should have
the freedom. Discuss both views and give your own opinion?或Successful sports
professionals can earn a great deal more money than people in other important
professions. Some people think this is fully justified while others think it
is unfair.Discuss both these views and give your own opinion. 或Sports are very
popular in today's society. Some people believe, "Winning is the only thing."
Others believe, “It’s not whether you win or lose, but how you play the game."
Is there a way in sports in which both opponents could "win" a game? Detail
your thoughts on this issue in an essay of about 250 words.

  

  

8.As country develops, a large population chooses to live individually or live
in a small family unit. Discuss the causes and its effects on society.或 City
dwellers seldom socialize with their neighbors today and the sense of
community has been lost. Why has this happened and how to solve this
problem?或People spend more and more time at their work place and don’t spend
enough time with family and friends. Why is th is happening? What consequences
can this have for the family life and society? 或In many countries, the quality
of life in large cities is becoming worse. What are the causes for this
problem? What measures do you think should be taken to tackle this problem? 或
Some people think that in this modern world people are getting dependent of
each other. Others think the modern world gets people more independent of each
other. Discuss both views and give your own opinions.

  

9.Many people believe that the main aim for university education is to help
graduates to find better jobs, while some people believe that university
education should aim at cultivating students’ overall abilities. What is your
opinion? 或Some people believe everyone has the right to get university
education. To what extent do you agree government should make it free to all
people no matter of their financial background?或In some countries, parents
expect children to spend long time studying both in and after school, and have
less free time. Do you think it has the positive or negative effects on
children and society?

  

  

加载中，请稍候......


