一等就是18年：《千与千寻》国内上映 海报又亮了
曾经获得奥斯卡最佳动画长片奖以及柏林电影节金熊奖的日本动画片《千与千寻》今天在国内院线上映。

很多网友表示，“爬也要爬到影院，因为那年我欠《千与千寻》一张电影票。”

《千与千寻》问世18年后才登陆大陆院线，没想到票房号召力依旧惊人。虽然有人质疑影迷是在为情怀买单，但无论普通观众还是业内人士都表示，只要影片能经得起时光检验，为情怀买单也无妨。

《千与千寻》剧照（资料图）

It's better late than never, right?

迟到总比不来好，对吗？

Chinese fans of the critically-acclaimed Japanese animated film Spirited Away
might just be on cloud nine right now since the movie has finally been
scheduled for a June 21 release in Chinese mainland.

备受好评的日本动画电影《千与千寻》定于6月21日在中国大陆上映，粉丝们现在可能会欣喜若狂。

critically acclaimed：广受好评

on cloud nine：非常高兴，沉浸在幸福之中

先来感受一波影迷们的热情：

据报道，该片从6月15日起全国点映，上座率高达97%，几乎场场爆满。截至20日下午，预售总票房已达1800万元。

Yes, it's late, 18 years late to be exact, not to mention lots of people have
seen it already, but who cares? Fans are probably just happy to be able to see
the animation on the big screen.

是的，已经晚了，确切地说，已经晚了18年，更不用说很多人已经看过了，但是谁在乎呢?粉丝们或许就是因为能在大银幕上看到这部经典作品而感到高兴。

据报道，《千与千寻》将在中国各地约9000家电影院上映。

而在此前《千与千寻》中国版海报公布后，无数网友疯狂打Call。

The movie made by Studio Ghibli was originally released in 2001 and quickly
garnered fame around the world for the captivating and thrilling story it
offers.

这部由吉卜力工作室制作的电影最初于2001年上映，并因其引人入胜和扣人心弦的故事迅速在全球走红。

It follows the adventures of a 10-year old girl named Chihiro, voiced by the
adorable Zhou Dongyu, as she wanders around the spirit world to bring her
parents back to their original form after turning into pigs.

故事讲述的是10岁小女孩千寻的冒险故事，国内版由古灵精怪的周冬雨配音。千寻在精灵世界四处游荡，想把变成猪的父母变回原貌。

In the magical world, she encounters challenges and a cunning witch, voiced by
Wang Lin, who wants to keep Chihiro as her servant forever. She also meets a
boy named Haku, voiced by Jing Boran, who will help her through the journey.
Peng Yuchang gives life to Kaonashi, and Tian Zhuanhzhuang takes the role of
Kamaji.

在魔法世界里，千寻遇到了很多挑战。影片中狡猾的女巫由王琳配音，她想让千寻永远做她的仆人。千寻还遇到了男孩小白，由井柏然配音，他将在旅程中帮助她。彭昱畅为无脸男配音，田壮壮则为锅炉爷爷配音。

cunning['kn]：adj.狡猾的

《千与千寻》剧照（资料图）

Spirited Away was the first ever animated film to win an Academy award.
Spirited Away won the Oscar for Best Animated Feature at the 75th Academy
Awards in 2003.

《千与千寻》是第一部获得奥斯卡奖的动画电影。2003年，《千与千寻》获得了第75届奥斯卡最佳动画长片奖。

“Spirited Away” remains to this day the only non-English language title to
earn the Best Animated Feature trophy.

该片至今仍是唯一一部获得奥斯卡最佳动画长片奖的非英语动画片。

《千与千寻》剧照（资料图）

It is also the highest-grossing film in Japanese history. The anime grossed
over $275 million in Japan during its initial release, out-grossing such box
office behemoths as James Cameron’s Titanic.

它也是日本历史上票房最高的电影。这部动画在日本首次上映时票房超过2.75亿美元（约合18.8亿元人民币），超过了詹姆斯·卡梅隆的《泰坦尼克号》等票房巨头。

Studio Ghibli films have remained popular in China.

吉卜力工作室的电影在中国一直很受欢迎。

It's currently the second Studio Ghibli film to make its way in China, the
first being My Neighbor Totoro which was digitally remastered and shown in
Chinese mainland cinemas last December.

这是吉卜力工作室目前在中国上映的第二部电影，第一部是数字修复版的《龙猫》，去年12月在中国大陆影院上映。

《龙猫》剧照（资料图片）

Anime has long been popular with Chinese audiences and $83 million of Your
Name’s total gross came from the Chinese mainland.

长期以来动漫一直深受中国观众的喜爱，影片《你的名字》总票房中有8300万美元来自中国大陆。

The Totoro release was a huge box office success with more than $26 million,
and Spirited Away is widely expected to perform even better given its enduring
popularity.

《龙猫》在大陆上映后大获成功，票房超过2600万美元，鉴于《千与千寻》经久不衰的人气，人们普遍预计它的票房表现会更好。

来源：dramapanda、Indiewire

翻译&编辑：yaning

来源：中国日报网


