【键盘侠】绿军有意卡佩拉|加上森林狼和雷霆来个四方交易？-直播吧zhibo8.cc
****

**ESPN Sources: Another team engaged with the Houston Rockets in trade talks
for center Clint Capela: The Boston Celtics.**

据NBA名记报道，消息人士透露，凯尔特人有意得到火箭中锋克林特-卡佩拉。

————————

 **[–]Lakers awntawn 59 指標 8小時前**

Trade talks and the Celtics being "engaged"

湖人球迷：只要有交易流言，凯尔特人就来“凑热闹”

 **[–]76ers ligeiro01 965 指標 8小時前**

The annual "Almost Trade" for Danny Ainge

76人球迷：又到了一年一度的“安差签”时刻

 **[–][GSW] Zarko Cabarkapa IAmNotKevinDurant_35 322 指標 7小時前**

Danny "Arsene 'I almost signed him' Wenger" Ainge

勇士球迷：丹尼-“阿塞纳-我差点签下他-温格”-安吉

 **[–][BOS] Marcus Smart ItsLittyLitLit 82 指標 7小時前**

In his tenure, Danny Ainge has only ever made 1 in season trade. And it was
for IT

凯尔特人球迷：在安吉任内，他其实就搞过一次赛季中期的交易。那还是引进小托马斯（15年2月）。

 **[–]Celtics mjj1492 148 指標 7小時前**

For Marcus Thornton and the 29th pick lmao. And youre forgetting Rondo to
Dallas and Perkins for Jeff Green. Probably more

凯尔特人球迷：哈哈哈，那是用马库斯-索顿和那个29号签换来的。你还忘了送隆多去达拉斯（14年12月），帕金斯换杰夫-格林（11年2月）。也许还有。

 **[–]Celtics HorsNoises 22 指標 7小時前**

Traded Jeff Green to Memphis in 2015 for Tayshaun Prince and Austin Rivers,
immediately shipped Rivers to Clips then 2 months later shipped Prince off to
Detroit, also sent Rondo to Dallas in December 2014, traded Marshon Brooks and
Jordan Crawford to GS in Jan 2014. I'm too lazy to keep going but there's been
a bunch lmao

凯尔特人球迷：2015年（1月），安吉把杰夫-格林送到灰熊，换来泰肖恩-
普林斯和小李，转头就把小李送到快船，两个月之后，再把普林斯送到活塞。2014年12月，他还把隆多送到了达拉斯，还在14年1月把马尚-布鲁克斯和乔丹-
克劳福德送到勇士。我太懒不想往下写了，不过安吉在赛季中期的操作还是很多的，哈哈哈哈

 **[–]Celtics sahsan10 348 指標 8小時前**

Boston has the picks to make a multi team trade work.

Just not sure if they can offload the salary to make it worth it

凯尔特人球迷：波士顿手里选秀签多啊，这次可以搞一个多队交易。

就是不知道我们能不能转移薪资压力，让这笔交易物有所值。

 **[–]Celtics austgriff 122 指標 8小時前**

They can absolutely send out 3 or 4 players and take in just Capela, and then
upgrade Tacko, Waters, and maybe a UFA to fill out the roster

凯尔特人球迷：我们肯定是可以送出三四名球员从而拿下卡佩拉的，然后再把塔科-法尔、特里蒙-沃特斯和一个不受限制的自由球员换掉，让阵容升级。

 **[–]Celtics LuckysBestMan 44 指標 7小時前**

Would be great to open up a couple roster spots too

凯尔特人球迷：要是能腾出几个名额也好啊

 **[–]Celtics TheTrotters 6 指標 7小時前**

That’s true but other teams need to have free roster spots or cut some
players. Not insurmountable but such deals are tough to make at the deadline.

凯尔特人球迷：这倒是真的，不过其他球队也得裁员或是腾出位置啊。引进卡佩拉倒也不是不可操作，不过这些动作在交易截止日前还是难以完成的。

 **[–]Mavericks rustyphish 42 指標 7小時前**

please, I want my boy Waters to get some time!

独行侠球迷：可别啊，我还想看特里蒙-沃特斯（去年二轮秀）出场打打呢！

 **[–][BOS] Daniel Theis Parkahd 18 指標 7小時前**

Tremont is a baller and i just want him to get more minutes

凯尔特人球迷：沃特斯还是有实力的，我也想看他多打打。

————————

 **[–]Trail Blazers shelvino 18 指標 7小時前**

Nate Duncan podcast had a crazy 4 team with Houston, Minnesota, Boston, OKC

开拓者球迷：Nate Duncan（NBA篮球专家）在个人播客节目上提出了一个疯狂的四方交易，涉及到火箭、森林狼、凯尔特人和雷霆

 **[–]Celtics Ohanrahans 453 指標 8小時前**

If they can swing that trade from the Dunc'd on podcast I'd be willing to
subscribe to that future.

凯尔特人人球迷：要是这笔操作能成，那我对未来还是乐于看好的。

 **[–]Hornets Bartins 15 指標 8小時前**

What was that trade?

黄蜂球迷：具体交易方案是啥样的？

 **[–][LAL] Brandon Ingram Authh145 385 指標 8小時前**

It was a four way trade that involved Houston, Boston, OKC, and Minnesota:

Houston Gets: Covington, Theis (from Boston)

OKC Gets: Nene (from Houston), Porirer (from Boston)

Boston Gets: Clint Capela (from Houston)

Minnesota Gets: Andre Roberson (from OKC), Houston's 2020 first round pick,
Milwaukee's 2020 first round pick (from Boston), Houston's 2022 first round
pick (top-four protected

湖人球迷：火箭得到：考文顿（森林狼）、泰斯（凯尔特人）

雷霆得到：内内（火箭）、普瓦里耶（凯尔特人）

凯尔特人得到：卡佩拉（火箭）

森林狼得到：罗伯森（雷霆）、火箭的2020首轮签、雄鹿的2020年首轮签（在凯尔特人手上）、火箭的2022首轮签（前四受保护）

 **[–]Celtics scottard 12 指標 6小時前**

That trade actually benefited everyone (on paper) too

凯尔特人球迷：这种方案的话，还真能让各方都受益（纸面上）。

 **[–]NBA F7U12_ANALYSIS 18 指標 7小時前**

This looks solid actually. Sucks for Boston giving up Theis after all the work
he's put in to play way better than he was supposed to be, but that's the
nature of the beast. Capela fits in way more for what they need.

A lineup of Kemba/Jaylen/Hayward/Jayson/Capela with Smart/Semi/Kanter off the
bench could actually win the East.

这个交易看着还真挺靠谱。蛋疼的是凯尔特人得放弃泰斯，可惜了，泰斯付出了这么大的努力，打出了超出预期的表现，不过这个猛男一直肯干。就填补凯尔特人目前漏洞而言，卡佩拉要适合的多得多。

由沃克、杰伦、海沃德、塔图姆和卡佩拉领先首发，再辅以斯玛特、奥杰莱和坎特这样的替补，这套阵容还真能冲出东部

 **[–]NBA BrtGP 58 指標 8小時前**

I don't see why Houston should give 2 FRPs but it is a nice trade. Works for
both Houston and Boston

我想不出来休斯顿为啥会愿意送出两个首轮签，不过这么交易还是挺不错的。对休斯顿和波士顿都好。

 **[–][BOS] Terry Rozier King_Of_Pants 13 指標 7小時前**

Works for the others too.

OKC want to get under the tax line and this gets Roberson off their books.

Minny wants draft assets to go after DLo because he KAT and Booker have
eventual plans to team up.

凯尔特人球迷：对另外两支队也挺好啊。

雷霆想把工资控制在奢侈税线之下，这就得让罗伯森走人。

森林狼希望堆几个选秀前去追求拉塞尔，因为他、唐斯和布克是打算最终组队的。

 **[–]76ers HarlemJazz 159 指標 8小時前**

Rockets give up Capela and two firsts for Covington and Theis? Not a chance.

76人球迷：你让火箭放弃卡佩拉和两个首轮去换考文顿和泰斯？门儿都没有吧

 **[–]Celtics FREEBOBBYFREEOJ 150 指標 7小時前**

The Tilman’s pockets say there is a chance

凯尔特人球迷：费尔蒂塔的荷包说，还是有可能的。

 **[–]Nuggets RyanDoctrine 40 指標 7小時前**

He's making a strong case for the cheapest owner in the league. I can't
believe he's seriously bitching about the luxury tax with a contending team.

掘金球迷：他这种种迹象表明，他就是联盟最抠的老板。想打造一支争冠球队居然还抱怨奢侈税，真是不敢相信

 **[–]Celtics avelak 57 指標 7小時前**

Roco is exactly what they're looking for, Theis is a cheap plug in at C, and
they shed money... With current ownership it could happen

凯尔特人球迷：考文顿就是休斯顿要找的人，而泰斯也是他们在中锋位置的廉价搭配，还能省钱……就火箭目前的老板来说，这笔交易还是有可能的

 **[–]Rockets BeardyMcCbeard 8 指標 4小時前**

Nah man, this is an absolutely ridiculous trade for the rockets. Giving up
wayyyyy too much to get back a couple of role players. The rockets want
Covington but not for two firsts and capela

火箭球迷：不要啊，这对我火来说太离谱了啊。牺牲这么大，就为了两个角色球员啊。我火是想要考文顿，可是不能用两个首轮和卡佩拉换啊

 **[–][BOS] Jaylen Brown OrangeKookie 21 指標 8小時前**

Theis is a GREAT defender

he's anchored Boston's top 5 defense

凯尔特人球迷：泰斯的防守是很强的，我们这赛季能有前五的防守他至关重要。

 **[–]Thunder moneybooy 10 指標 8小時前**

His only problem is being undersized

But he can stretch the floor well so that would definitely benefit Houston

雷霆球迷：他唯一的问题在于身高不够。

不过他能拉开空间啊，这是肯定能帮到休斯顿的

 **[–][BOS] Jaylen Brown OrangeKookie 20 指標 8小時前**

Theis is tailor-made for MDA's offense. He's a lob threat, has a solid
midranger, mobile on defense, and can hit a 3 if left open

凯尔特人球迷：泰斯就是为德安东尼的进攻体系量身定制的。他能空接、中投还可以，防守端灵活，还能进空位三分。

 **[–][OKC] Grant Jerrett Drippy2x 73 指標 8小時前**

no point in OKC getting involved Nene and Porirer are terrible and Roberson is
going to be valuable to match salaries.

雷霆球迷：那我雷掺和内内这就没必要了吧，而且普瓦里耶稀烂，罗伯森留着以后匹配薪资还是很有价值的

 **[–]Warriors JesusSinfulHands 79 指標 8小時前**

It gets you out of the luxury tax this year

勇士球迷：要是送走他，这个赛季就能让你们免除奢侈税

 **[–][OKC] Grant Jerrett Drippy2x 28 指標 7小時前**

Roberson's deal is really useful if OKC makes a big trade, kinda a waste when
you trade him for 2 scrubs. I think we make a deal that gets us out of the tax
anyways

雷霆球迷：要是我雷搞个大动作的话，那罗伯森还是很有用的。要是你用他去换两个水货，那就有点亏了。我觉得吧，不管咋说，我们都是能通过交易摆脱奢侈税的。

 **[–]Celtics HorsNoises 37 指標 7小時前**

You're assuming OKC is going to be able to find a big trade. If they can't,
this isn't a terrible deal when he's expiring anyway.

凯尔特人球迷：那也得雷霆能搞个大动作才行啊。要是不行的话，那这个交易就不差，毕竟他的合同也快到期了。

————————

 **[–]bigbaldheadNR 50 指標 8小時前**

C’mon let’s get some trades going!

来吧，交易搞起来！

 **[–]Raptors xiumn 123 指標 8小時前**

Please no don’t do it Houston

猛龙球迷：不要啊，休斯顿可不能这么搞

 **[–]Lakers badpizzaisstillgood 13 指標 8小時前**

Well that at least makes sense esp if the Rockets can get Timelord in the deal
so they at least have a body to play at 5.

Boston has the assets, and are "contendery" enough to fill a need.

湖人球迷：这么说吧，凯尔特人这还是值得操作的，要是火箭能得到罗伯特-威廉姆斯那就更有可能性了，这样他们至少还有个能打五号位的人

波士顿有交易资产啊，而且完全能够满足火箭的需求

 **[–]Celtics Prestige-W0rldwide 66 指標 8小時前**

They want first round picks and young guys to flip for Cov and iggy. We just
so happen to have lots of young guys and late first round picks.

凯尔特人球迷：他们想要首轮签和年轻人，去换考文顿和一哥。说巧不巧的是，我们有很多年轻人和末位首轮签。

 **[–]Grizzlies xiamhunterx 27 指標 7小時前**

now hang on a second...

灰熊球迷：等会儿等会儿……

 **[–]Celtics Prestige-W0rldwide 23 指標 7小時前**

Iggy for your own pick?

凯尔特人球迷：一哥帮你们换个首轮？

 **[–]Grizzlies xiamhunterx 11 指標 7小時前**

no I want Grant

灰熊球迷：不，我想要格兰特-威廉姆斯

 **[–]Celtics Prestige-W0rldwide 45 指標 7小時前**

Keep you filthy fucking hands off my baby

凯尔特人球迷：把你们的脏手从我娃儿那拿开！

 **[–]Celtics OverallPrettyGood 108 指標 8小時前**

Makes too much sense not to happen. We have a bunch of draft assets and Capela
makes little enough that we can trade for him without giving up
Walker/Jaylen/Jayson/Hayward/Smart.

凯尔特人球迷：我们引进卡佩拉的可操作性太小了。我们有不少选秀资产，换卡佩拉还是不够的，我们不可能在留住沃克、杰伦、塔图姆、海沃德和斯玛特这些人的前提下得到他。

 **[–]Heat MartiniLAPD 17 指標 7小時前**

I really like Theis. Idk who or if the Heat even gonna try to trade for but
I’d love to have him on my team

热火球迷：我真心很喜欢泰斯。不知道热火会不会尝试引进他，不过我想看到他来热火

 **[–][BOS] Marcus Smart fakercmn 13 指標 7小時前***

He’s a really good center for the money he makes. His only downside is he’s
undersized.

凯尔特人球迷：就他这么点工资来说，真是个很好的中锋。他唯一的短板就是个子不够。

 **[–]Heat MartiniLAPD 9 指標 7小時前**

He looks around 6’10 but bballref has him at 6’8 lol idk if that’s correct

热火球迷：他看着有6尺10，不过篮球参考网站说他是6尺8，不知道对不对

 **[–]Klays Toaster 33 指標 8小時前***

Tatum for Capela straight up. Who says no?

Edit: guys I was joking lol

塔图姆单换卡佩拉。谁反对？

编辑：我开玩笑，哈哈哈

 **[–][TOR] Jose Calderon deadskin 109 指標 8小時前**

If Tatum goes to the Rockets and D'Antoni plays him 40MPG then I'm pretty sure
that's breaking some sort of child labour laws

猛龙球迷：要是塔图姆去火箭，德安东尼每场让他打个40分钟，那就违反童工劳动法了。

 **[–][BOS] Jaylen Brown FredDupe 12 指標 8小時前**

Just keep my J boys together

凯尔特人球迷：必须得留住双杰兄弟俩。

 **[–]Celtics Prestige-W0rldwide 34 指標 8小時前**

100% not offering either of the Jays

凯尔特人球迷：必须的，杰森-塔图姆和杰伦-布朗一个都不能放走

 **[–]Celtics TheTurtleOne 23 指標 7小時前**

Why do people even assume that?

Danny didn't want to trade Jays for AD or Kawhi, why would he do it for
Capela?

凯尔特人球迷：怎么还有人敢这么想？

安吉当初都不愿意用杰伦和塔图姆去换戴维斯、小卡，那他干嘛要拿他们去换卡佩拉？

————————

来源：Reddit

编译：云长刮个痧


