美国文化初探：养宠物 --外语频道--中国教育在线
Americans love pets. And it's not just puppy love, either. Many pet owners
treat their furry friends as part of the family. Sometimes they spice up their
pets' lives with entertaining videos and amusing toys. If they have an eye for
fashion, pet owners can dress their pets in stylish clothes. For special
occasions, they can use canine perfume to make their dogs smell, well, less
beastly. You might say Americans treat their pets like they treat their
children-sometimes even better.

美国人很爱宠物，而且这不只是一种不成熟、短暂的爱。很多宠物的主人把这些毛茸茸的朋友当作家庭的一部分，有时候还为宠物准备娱乐用的录像带和玩具来增添牠们生活的乐趣，如果宠物的主人具有流行的眼光，还会让他们的宠物穿上时髦的衣服，在特殊的场合里，甚至为宠物喷上狗儿专用的香水，让牠们味道好闻一点，减少一些动物身上的味道。你也可以说，美国人待他们的宠物如同待他们的孩子一样
--有时甚至更好。

In America, there are more households with pets than those with children. At
least 43 percent of U.S. homes have pets of some sort. Exotic creatures, such
as monkeys, snakes and even wolves, find a home with some Americans. More
common pets include tropical fish, mice and birds. But the all-time favorites
are cats and dogs, even at the White House. The Clintons' cat, Socks, has
replaced the Bushes' dog, Millie, as reigning First Pet. Americans sometimes
have strong feelings about whether dogs or cats make better pets. "Dog people"
and "cat people" often enjoy friendly rivalries.

在美国，有宠物的家庭比有孩子的家庭还多。至少百分之四十三的美国家庭有宠物，有些美国家庭养一些外国品种的动物，例如猴子、蛇、甚至狼；比较常见的宠物有热带鱼、老鼠、和鸟。不过，一直广受欢迎的是猫和狗，连白宫也不例外。柯林顿总统的猫
--袜子，已经取代了布什的狗--米利，成为神气的「第一宠物」。美国人有时候很在乎到底最好的宠物是猫还是狗，“爱狗的人”和“爱猫的人”喜欢开玩笑地彼此争辩。

Leading a dog's life in America isn't such a bad thing. Many grocery stores
sell gourmet pet foods to owners eager to please their pets. In Houston,
Texas, dogs can have their dinner delivered to their homes, just like pizza.
Well-to-do canines can attend doggy daycare centers while their owners work.
Pets can even accompany their owners on vacation. Fancy hotels are beginning
to accommodate both man and beast. Furry guests at Four Seasons Hotels can
enjoy gourmet meals served on fine china and sleep in soft beds.

在美国，狗所过的生活并不坏，很多杂货店都卖有宠物美食，让主人可以讨好他们的宠物。在德州的休斯敦市，狗儿还能享用专程送到家的晚餐，就跟披萨一样。家境富裕的狗儿在主人上班的时候可以去狗儿托育中心。宠物甚至可以和牠们的主人一同去度假，高级饭店已经开始可以同时留宿人和宠物，这些毛茸茸的客人在四季饭店可以享用以精致瓷器盛装的美食，并在柔软的床上睡觉。

考试培训小助手

本科留学qq:436560382

研究生留学qq:437946603


